File error reporting (#3103)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/libf3d/03-OPTIONS.md

CLI: `--force-reader`.

> ### `--skip-content-check` (_bool_, default: `false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `scene.skip_content_check` (_bool_, default: `false`)
```

> Make attempt to read file without checking it's header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select reader to read file without checking its header content but only based on the file extension.
```
